May the Force be with you.
I am your father.
The Force will be with you, always.
Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
Do, or do not. There is no try.
The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural.
I’ve got a bad feeling about this.
This is the way.
It's a trap!
I find your lack of faith disturbing.
I am a Jedi, like my father before me.
The Force is strong with this one.
I have lived long enough to see the same eyes in different people. I see your eyes. I know your eyes.
Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering.
In my experience, there is no such thing as luck.
You were the chosen one!
I’ve never seen a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.
Never tell me the odds.
The Force will be with you, always.
I’m just a simple man trying to make my way in the universe.
No. I am your father.
There is good in him, I’ve felt it.
I find your lack of faith disturbing.
You don’t know the power of the dark side.
The Jedi's weapon is more powerful than you can possibly imagine.
I’ve got a bad feeling about this.
I’ve heard of you, Skywalker.
Rebellions are built on hope.
You’re the best smuggler in the galaxy, you’re gonna find a way to get us out of here.
I’m not afraid.
You will be. You will be.
A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away…
This is the way.
The dark side is strong with you, but the light side is stronger.
The Force is with you, young Skywalker, but you are not a Jedi yet.
What is thy bidding, my master?
I’m just a simple man trying to make my way in the universe.
I’ve been in this fight since I was six years old.
So this is how liberty dies… with thunderous applause.
The force will be with you always.
I love you.
I know.
Chewie, we're home.
Do or do not, there is no try.
In my experience, there's no such thing as luck.
Never tell me the odds!
I find your lack of faith disturbing.
I will not be the last Jedi.
Your focus determines your reality.
The light side of the Force is stronger than you know.
I'm Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight.
It’s a trap!
You can’t stop the change, any more than you can stop the suns from setting.
The Force is what gives a Jedi his power. It's an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us and penetrates us; it binds the galaxy together.
I am vengeance. I am the night. I am Batman!
There’s always a bigger fish.
I am the Senate.
I am not a Jedi, but I’m trying to become one.
No one’s ever really gone.
I'm not going to kill you. I'm going to turn you to the light.
Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering.
Luke, I am your father.
The truth about this world is that we are what they believe us to be. And that’s the story we tell ourselves.
You were the chosen one, it was said that you would destroy the Sith, not join them!
You don’t know the power of the dark side.
I’ve got a bad feeling about this.
When I left you, I was but the learner. Now I am the master.
I’ve felt it. The dark side is rising.
It’s not my fault.
Don’t make me destroy you.
I will not leave you. I cannot leave you.
I’ve got a bad feeling about this.
I want to learn the ways of the Force and become a Jedi like my father.
My master, I do not fear you.
The Force is strong with this one.
My power is greater than yours, Jedi.
It’s a trap!
I’ve been in this fight since I was six years old.
The time has come. Execute Order 66.
The Force will be with you, always.
The Force is with me, and I am one with the Force.
I am your father.
